hello namaste salaamwalekum satsriyakaal;
welcome back to another session with
your VahChef at Vahrehvah.com. You know
recently i made Malai prawns using
coconut milk but today i'm going to make
prawns using real malai that is
cream so let's go ahead and learn how to
cook prawns in cream sauce along with
ridgegourd, now I'm going to add an
ingredient which you least expect that
we'll go as the first ingredient in
making any dish so first add some saffron
and we're going to let them slightly
heat up the pan is slightly hot so in
this add butter once this butter melts
add chopped garlic you can add lot
of chopped garlic I always love chopped
garlic in lot of my preparation wow
what aroma what an aroma, in this add
chopped onion, add salt in this, in this add
pepper and now add ridgegourd you know
ridgegourd cut them the same size that
your prawns size haha now you're going to
let this cook till this ridgegourds are
slightly soft just toss these ridgegourd
and then add bell peppers also so they
also get cooked along with this ridge-
gourd
wow it is better to use the red color
bell pepper because that'll give a very nice
color to this dish; I was not really
careful see my onions have slightly
browned you know I don't want brown color
in this but that's okay
they're not that bad so now in this add
the prawns and even toss the prawns
there's a lot of heat in here the prawns are
just getting cooked really fast
and if you want you can put the lid for
just for one minute okay because the
prawns I don't want to cook them more
than two or three minutes just saute it
for one minute one minute with the lid
on and then we're going to put the cream
and make a nice sauce, after one minute
of sauteeing them add little bit of
oregano not too much little bit will
give a very nice flavor,  in this pour in
cream
wow look at this haha that's good let the
cream come to a boil once and the dish is
all done
haha and now add lot of chopped
parsley
that's it the dish is all done we will just
wait for you know one minute of
simmering and the prawns also are just
nicely juicy and creamy
wow just check the seasoning I can add
some more salt in this wow
that should be good enough look at this
the saffron is nicely bleaching out its
color
Wow let me switch off the flame hm-hm
you know pour this over your macaroni pour this
on your noodles pour this on a bowl of
rice just eat it with any bread, dear
friends this is one of the awesome dish
and the saffron flavor my god and ridge-
gourd cooked like this is so awesome
the outside the skin side will be
slightly crunchy and the inside will be
nice and juicy mmm and then prawns wow
they'll just melt-in-your-mouth haha
mmm very nice flavor from oregano parsley
and of course the saffron is dominating.
Dear friends i hope you enjoyed learning
this dish so vahrehvah is all about
inspiring others to cook so please try
all these dishes and feed your family and
enjoy but please post your recipes and
cooking tips so others can benefit from
your great cooking
thank you.